{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\csgray\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c0\c0;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 \CocoaLigature0 Owens-MBP:bin owenryan$ ./mysql -u user -p\
Enter password: \
Welcome to the MySQL monitor.  Commands end with ; or \\g.\
Your MySQL connection id is 314\
Server version: 5.7.17 MySQL Community Server (GPL)\
\
Copyright (c) 2000, 2016, Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.\
\
Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation and/or its\
affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective\
owners.\
\
Type 'help;' or '\\h' for help. Type '\\c' to clear the current input statement.\
\
mysql> CREATE DATABASE truckytrackDatabase\
    -> ;\
Query OK, 1 row affected (0.00 sec)\
\
\
mysql> use truckytrackDatabase\
Database changed\
\
\cf4 IDs table\
Used to store a list of driver ids and their associated names.\cf2 \
mysql> create table IDs(id int not null, name varchar (255));\
Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.01 sec)\
\
\
\cf4 Locations\
Used to store the history of each drivers location updates, namely their id, latitude, longitude and the time the update was entered into the database.\cf2 \
mysql> create table Locations(id INT, lat DOUBLE, lon DOUBLE, timestamp DATETIME, Note1 VARCHAR(255), Note2 VARCHAR(255));\
Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.02 sec)\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\cf4 KegKeys\
Used to store the IDs on the top(full) and bottom(empty) of a keg. \cf2 \
mysql> CREATE TABLE KegKeys(fullID VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL, emptyID VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL);\
Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.01 sec)\
\
\
\cf4 KegDrivers\
Used to store what kegs are currently being carried by which drivers.\cf2 \
mysql> CREATE TABLE KegDrivers(driverID INT NOT NULL, kegID VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL);\
Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.01 sec)\
\
\
\cf4 The Keg History Table\
Used to store the history of when, where and by who each keg was picked up and dropped off.\cf2 \
mysql> CREATE TABLE KegHistory(id VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL, DriverID int NOT NULL, PickedUpAtLat DOUBLE, PickedUpAtLon DOUBLE, PickedUpTime DATETIME, DroppedAtLat DOUBLE, DroppedAtLon DOUBLE, DroppedAtTime DATETIME);\
Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.02 sec)\
\
}